[Music]
ten things people do to poison your life
there is an opinion that people treat
you exactly the way you let them and
this is largely true here's a list of
things you should never ever allow
others to do watch until the end to
learn how to make people always respect
you number 10 everything in the world is
decided for you it is possible that your
mom and dad really know this life better
than you even if you are already a
parent yourself but this does not give
them the right to impose their choice on
you however good it might seem this is
your life you will bear the consequences
of your decisions so you have the right
to make them in the end it's better to
be a happy I'll be it not very famous
designer then a wealthy lawyer who can't
get out of depression number nine you
are shamed for your appearance or
preferences
[Music]
we must note that this is about dress
code or manners you must follow the
rules but if someone speaks out
negatively about your clothes shape or
choice of spouse please don't start
making excuses you are not guilty of
anything and do not owe anything to
anyone
remember that nosy people probably don't
have much going on in their lives
anyways number eight you are forced to
choose between your career and personal
life alas this happens very often both
at work and at home but there is no law
requiring you to abandon your family in
favor of work or vice versa
therefore you do not have to succumb to
pressure from your work or your family
and devote all your time to just want
communicating your needs to both sides
and good time management will help you
excel at work and find time for your
loved ones as well as hobbies and
entertainment number seven relationships
that make you unhappy
somebody wants Joe you are always crying
because of your relationship who is it
you're dating a person or an onion we do
not urge you to break up immediately if
your partner upsets you but if your life
without this person is easier than with
them you should ponder why you are still
together
[Music]
number six coercion to sex even if by
your spouse
[Music]
your body belongs only to you and
conjugal rights still mean that you can
be used without regard for your desires
and well-being an adequate spouse or
partner will sympathize with your
refusal in the case where the opposite
happens and you are accused of
selfishness you have a serious reason to
rethink your relationship number-5
constant deception
[Music]
do not overlook systematic lies from
your relatives friends or spouse if you
decide to keep a relationship without
trust going then tell the other party
that you know everything without
judgment changing this person is not
your concern
you can only provide support but know
that if someone really loves and
respects you
they will not lie to you in the first
place number four being disrespected at
work unfortunately many people are
forced to tolerate disrespect by an
employer or colleagues if you find
yourself in a similar situation then ask
yourself if you really need this job
badly enough to endure daily humiliation
do not hesitate to fight for your rights
and don't be afraid to respond
gracefully but firmly if you are bullied
number three physical and emotional
abuse
there is no justification for those who
systematically hit or humiliate you your
safety is of the utmost importance and
you should not be with a person who
constantly threatens your physical and
mental health and even your life you
have every right to break all contacts
with the abuser and report them number
to constant control
[Music]
if someone controls your every move
via parents friends or a partner this
doesn't mean they simply care a lot
everybody needs personal space and
relationships are impossible without
mutual trust if the situation is left a
chance it could develop into a real
tyranny and number one reproaches for
imperfection
[Music]
perfection is a myth
through the images of the ideal child
real man or a dream girl are in the mind
of almost everyone but this doesn't give
anyone the right to scold their loved
ones for missing the mark do not give in
to those who insist on you changing your
hair or working out your changes don't
guarantee that they will love you more
you don't have to deserve love and any
demands will only get more absurd over
time that said if someone is genuinely
concerned about your health or
well-being do listen to their advice and
remember everybody is good for something
even if it's just a bad example so would
you agree on our points share your
thoughts in the comments below don't
forget to hit the like button below the
video and click subscribe to join the
bright side of life
you